ip-cidr, 10.0.0.0/8, direct
ip-cidr, 127.0.0.0/8, direct
ip-cidr, 172.16.0.0/12, direct
ip-cidr, 192.168.0.0/16, direct
ip-cidr, 224.0.0.0/24, direct

domain-keyword, amazon, proxy
domain-keyword, avoddashs, proxy
domain-keyword, bbcfmt, proxy
domain-keyword, jav, proxy
domain-keyword, pinterest, proxy
domain-keyword, twimg, proxy
domain-keyword, voddazn, proxy
domain-keyword, wikileaks, proxy
domain-keyword, epochtimes, proxy
domain-keyword, 1drv, proxy
domain-keyword, 1e100, proxy
domain-keyword, abema, proxy
domain-keyword, appledaily, proxy
domain-keyword, avtb, proxy
domain-keyword, beetalk, proxy
domain-keyword, blogspot, proxy
domain-keyword, dlercloud, proxy
domain-keyword, dropbox, proxy
domain-keyword, facebook, proxy
domain-keyword, fbcdn, proxy
domain-keyword, github, proxy
domain-keyword, gmail, proxy
domain-keyword, google, proxy
domain-keyword, instagram, proxy
domain-keyword, musical.ly, proxy
domain-keyword, onedrive, proxy
domain-keyword, paypal, proxy
domain-keyword, porn, proxy
domain-keyword, sci-hub, proxy
domain-keyword, skydrive, proxy
domain-keyword, spotify, proxy
domain-keyword, tiktok, proxy
domain-keyword, ttvnw, proxy
domain-keyword, twitter, proxy
domain-keyword, uk-live, proxy
domain-keyword, whatsapp, proxy
domain-keyword, youtube, proxy

domain-suffix, wikipedia.org, proxy
domain-suffix, ft.com, proxy
domain-suffix, ftchinese.com, proxy
domain-suffix, ftimg.net, proxy
domain-suffix, nyt.com, proxy
domain-suffix, nytimes.com, proxy
domain-suffix, nyti.ms, proxy
domain-suffix, rfa.org, proxy
domain-suffix, dw.com, proxy
domain-suffix, dwcdn.net, proxy
domain-suffix, rfi.fr, proxy
domain-suffix, rfi.my, proxy
domain-suffix, feedly.com, proxy
domain-suffix, abc-cdn.net.au, proxy
domain-suffix, abc.net.au, proxy
domain-suffix, wsj.net, proxy
domain-suffix, wsj.com, proxy
domain-suffix, theinitium.com, proxy
domain-suffix, joins.com, proxy
domain, images.weserv.nl, proxy
domain-suffix, chosun.com, proxy
domain, cdn.jsdelivr.net, proxy
domain-suffix, cna.com.tw, proxy
domain, edge-015.hkhkg.icloud-content.com, proxy
domain, o115706.ingest.sentry.io, proxy
domain-suffix, pinimg.com, proxy
domain-keyword, pinterest.com, proxy
domain-suffix, line-apps.com, proxy
domain-suffix, line-scdn.net, proxy
domain-suffix, line.me, proxy
domain-suffix, bit.ly, proxy
domain, d1f1eryiqyjs0r.cloudfront.net, proxy
domain-suffix, voanews.com, proxy
domain-suffix, voachinese.com, proxy
domain-suffix, nikkei.com, proxy
domain-suffix, bbc.com, proxy
domain-suffix, bbci.co.uk, proxy
domain-suffix, bbc.in, proxy
domain-suffix, bbc.co.uk, proxy
domain-suffix, bloomberg.com, proxy
domain-suffix, app-measurement.com, proxy
domain, ipv4-c081-tyo001-ix.1.oca.nflxvideo.net, proxy
domain-suffix, fast.com, proxy
domain-suffix, medium.com, proxy
domain-suffix, reddit.com, proxy
domain-suffix, yahoo.com.tw, proxy
domain-suffix, yahoo.com, proxy
domain-suffix, xhamster.com, proxy
domain-suffix, tumblr.com, proxy
domain-suffix, amazon.co.jp, proxy
domain-suffix, flickr.com, proxy
domain-suffix, matters.news, proxy
domain-suffix, fb.com, proxy
domain-suffix, fb.me, proxy
domain-suffix, fbcdn.net, proxy
domain-suffix, fbsbx.com, proxy
domain-suffix, quora.com, proxy
domain-suffix, discord.com, proxy
domain-suffix, pincong.rocks, proxy
domain-suffix, v2ex.com, proxy
domain-suffix, reuters.com, proxy
domain-suffix, reut.rs, proxy
domain-suffix, fxn.ws, proxy
domain-suffix, foxnews.com, proxy
domain-suffix, zerohedge.com, proxy
domain-suffix, tru.am, proxy
domain-suffix, dianomi, proxy
domain-suffix, ntdtv.com.tw, proxy
domain-suffix, chinadigitaltimes.net, proxy
domain-suffix, freeweibo.com, proxy
domain-suffix, freewechat.com, proxy
domain-suffix, fw.cm, proxy

# > YouTube
user-agent, com.google.ios.youtube*, proxy
user-agent, YouTube*, proxy
domain-suffix, googlevideo.com, proxy
domain-suffix, withyoutube.com, proxy
domain-suffix, youtu.be, proxy
domain-suffix, youtube.com, proxy
domain-suffix, youtubeeducation.com, proxy
domain-suffix, youtubegaming.com, proxy
domain-suffix, youtubekids.com, proxy
domain-suffix, youtube-nocookie.com, proxy
domain-suffix, yt.be, proxy
domain-suffix, ytimg.com, proxy
domain, youtubei.googleapis.com, proxy
domain, yt3.ggpht.com, proxy

# Telegram
domain-suffix, t.me, proxy
domain-suffix, tdesktop.com, proxy
domain-suffix, telegra.ph, proxy
domain-suffix, proxy.me, proxy
domain-suffix, proxy.org, proxy
domain-suffix, telesco.pe, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.108.4.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.108.8.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.108.12.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.108.16.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.108.20.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.108.20.0/23, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.108.56.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.108.56.0/23, proxy
ip-cidr, 95.161.64.0/20, proxy
ip-cidr, 91.105.192.0/23, proxy
ip-cidr, 149.154.160.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 149.154.164.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 149.154.168.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 149.154.172.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 149.154.175.0/22, proxy
ip-cidr, 185.76.151.0/24, proxy
ip6-cidr, 2001:67c:4e8::/48, proxy
ip6-cidr, 2001:b28:f23c::/48, proxy
ip6-cidr, 2001:b28:f23d::/48, proxy
ip6-cidr, 2001:b28:f23f::/48, proxy

#Twitter
domain-suffix, twitter.com, proxy
domain-suffix, ads-twitter.com, proxy
domain-suffix, periscope.tv, proxy
domain-suffix, pscp.tv, proxy
domain-suffix, t.co, proxy
domain-suffix, tellapart.com, proxy
domain-suffix, tweetdeck.com, proxy
domain-suffix, twimg.co, proxy
domain-suffix, twimg.com, proxy
domain-suffix, twimg.org, proxy
domain-suffix, twitpic.com, proxy
domain-suffix, twtrdns.net, proxy
domain-suffix, twttr.com, proxy
domain-suffix, vine.co, proxy

# Pornhub
domain-suffix, phncdn.com, proxy
domain-suffix, pornhub.com, proxy
domain-suffix, pornhubpremium.com, proxy